feat(android): add initial implementation (#58)
onfido/castor-tokens: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Get ready for development

> You will need Node 14 and npm 7, also Android Studio and OpenJDK 11 running locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need:

- Web: Node 14 and npm 7
- Android: Android Studio and OpenJDK 11
```
